Fix search hash in sandbox generic cs falcon (#33719)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonPlaybooks/ReleaseNotes/2_6_27.md

#### Playbooks

##### Search For Hash In Sandbox - Generic

> - Fixed an issue when CrowdStrike report was retrieved only for 1 sh256 instead for multiple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where a CrowdStrike report was retrieved only for a single SH256 file instead of for multiple SH256 files.
```
